Fifth brother, what's wrong with you?
Someone assassinated Princess Chu yesterday
The man has confessed
The person who ordered him
King Qi
Go, this flower is serious
Sin of the Royal Family
Why not?
You and this king go to Jin Zhao's mansion
Then the two confront each other
Is it the sin of the Royal Family? This King will review it clearly
Someone will make Princess Qi miserable
Who dares
The King of Chu can't take me away today
I'm pregnant.
And I have informed my father
Father decreed that I should take good care of the fetus
I am pregnant with my eldest grandson
Father and grandfather are very happy
King of Chu, are you sure?
For someone who doesn't know
Where did the slander come from?
Let the child in my womb be afraid
Do the real thing what happened
Can you take responsibility?
This king will not let this matter go
Then the King of Chu should go to find the real murderer
Boss Chu Wang, let's go, I still need to rest
Cui'er, this king asks you
Are you already pregnant?